in this edition of college football the
Gauchos of saddleback college that take
on the Pirates of Orange Coast orange
coast on offense first and Eric Nelson
comes up with the interception he then
takes it the opposite way for a pick-six
Gauchos strike first on the Gauchos
first drive the ball is intercepted by
clay guests can put on some moves and
then changes direction to pick up some
good garnish for the Pirates Saddleback
what the ball and this time they stick
with the ground game as James Marshall
gets the direct snap and takes off down
the field makes a move in his eventually
brought down at the Pirates 20-yard line
a few plays later Tim bellman finds
James Marshall for the touchdown
Marshall with the great concentration
for the catch he been still showing
itself as Jake Belknap gets his third
sack of the game Gaucho's with the ball
Terrell Johnson gets the pass takes a
few steps and is in for six moving to
the second quarter Saddleback puts up
three more to make the score twenty four
to nothing orange coast showing off some
offense with this run after the cats bye
fuzzy yokoyama yokoyama heads the near
sideline and is taken down ten yards shy
of a touchdown but two plays later and
the Pirates put their first points on
the board later in the second josh
hawkins makes its 31 to seven Gauchos
despite being down by 20 for the OC
offense still showing some Flair with
this nice pass to brian keller down the
far sideline that pass play would put
the Pirates in scoring position and they
would take advantage with this throw
down the middle to Tyler Duncan score
stands at 31 13 after the extra point
goes off the left upright still in the
second quarter the couches on offense
and their Drive is cut short
reception by Kell on truxtun pirates
trying to close the gap but Jake bell
nut makes a mess of that with yet
another sack on the very next play and
more frustration as devonte Merriweather
puts a hit on the Pirates QB right here
the Pirates showing that they too can
play defense with Vince Coleman
assisting with the sack for orange coast
moving to the third quarter the Pirates
add three scores dans 30 12 16 Gauchos
lover the ground game was still proving
difficult for the Pirates to defend
that's Anthony Cade which goes 60 yards
untung for the touchdown extra point is
good and the Gauchos add another 70 CE
trying some trickery as Darren Drysdale
gets the handoff and then looks for
Brian Keller down the field but his past
fall short into the waiting arms of
kevin adams who takes it back to the
Pirates 35 yard line and again James
Marshall swings left and gets in for six
and with the rainfall becoming heavier
Orange Coast can't hold on to the kick
return and it's dead give it right back
to the Gauchos in the fourth quarter the
Pirates still trying to make something
happen with this great pass and catch to
Tyler Duncan both teams would end up
tacking on one more touchdown before
this game was over the final score fiend
52 220 for Saddleback they move to an
overall record of three and four as the
Pirates fall to three and five you have
been watching these highlights courtesy
of aim sports TV you can find this video
and others on our website at aim sports
TV or on our youtube channel aim sports
television thanks for watching everybody
i'm david espinoza saying good night
from Saddleback College
you